Charlie Kirk was assassinated on Sept 10th 2025. The government tries to claim that it was a lone wolf single person Tyler Robinson who did the assassination. They try to say that nobody was behind it, except a few young college student friends of Tylers.

The evidence is that Tyler's powerful 30-06 bullet couldn't have killed Charlie Kirk.

There are a long list of indicates that other possible shooter or two could have killed Charlie Kirk.

There is also a chance that his lapel mic also possibly exploded.

CHarlie Kirk's TPUSA organization is politically strategically critical in the USA. It is also critical for Israel to control USA republicans and young people and university students think and what they politically support.

Charlie Kirk was turning away from the control of Israel and was turning to be willing to debate issues where they may be in the wrong.

The motive was massive.

There have been claims that the FBI, CIA, administration, and congress will sell-out to congress to Israel's goals. This may possibly cover up a crime like this.

This website documents the different areas being investigated around this.



* iCountry: This is Israel or sometimes Mossad. (In this fictional movie). They may have agreed to help France assassinate
    Candace Ownes later, if they got France to help assassinate Charlie Kirk first.

* France: The problem is that the PM of France wants Candace Owens assassinated (online podcasters claim they 
    have hard reasons to think  this is likely the case). The intelligence planes often come from Paris to US locations. There is a high chance that French Legionnaires may done the CK Charlie Kirk assassination or been present at UVU when
    it happened.   (In this fictional movie). There was  report that $1.5m was provided to have Candace Ownes assassinated.
    There is a report that the assassin two leader people may one Israeli and one French citizen, and they guid French Legionnaires.
    France is a chance to have a linkage to the startup involved. Wilmington DE is known to have a very strong linkage France.
    Many buildings related to other groups (US intelligence) and other layers in Wilmington are often in buildings owned by France.
    France PM had a meeting with Donald Trump (president) within 45 minutes before the CK assassination.
    France would have needed to have Israel to have the power to force the US gov to allow the assassination.
    France would have the motivation to assassinate Candace Owens, but far less to assassinate Charlie Kirk.
    France may have had to do the assassination for Charlie Kirk, to get Israel to unblock an assassination of 
    Candace Ownes later. How Israel could unblock a Candace Ownes later that it couldn't do itself: Israel can force
    the US to approve permission to assassinate CK, and have the US intelligence systems to enable it to work,
    and to unlock Egypt to provide the plane (and possibly their assassins)
    


* Egypt: It looks like they wanted classified intelligence defense technology for planes. Especially communications 
   and citizen cell phone tracking on the ground that is EMP resilient. The thesis wondering if they are willing to 
   do an assassination, in order to get this.  There is a "foreign dignitary" from Egypt with UN Diplomatic status.
   The foreign intelligence planes often fly from Egypt to the USA.  Egypt and the specific "Egyption foreign dignitary" personally
   benefit by getting the most cutting edge US classified intelligence defense technology for planes. They want it
   for Egypt, but also to be able to sell to Saudi Arabia and similar companies that won't buy from Israel directly.
   They may be willing to provide assassins. 
   One of these 
    Egypt would have needed to have Israel to have the power to force the US gov to allow the US classified plane tech to go to Egypt.

* Startup: On possible thesis is it may have offered stock to Charlie Kirk the day before his assassination and he turned it down.
   It may have come with strings that Charlie Kirk may have found unacceptable (ethically to him). There is a chance
   the business model may have collected cell phone tracking of people in churches and TPUSA events to give to
   foreign intelligence services part of the "Chain of Evil" that want to use that to control the thoughts of
   USA Christians, by being able to target ads to USA Christians who are political and attend church or TP USA events.
   The Startup may possibly have strong ties to France. The startup may be located in Wilmington DE.
   

* FBI: They may have given permission for Egypt to have received "Classified intelligence defense
   technology for planes. Especially communications and citizen cell phone tracking on the ground that is EMP resilient."
   If there were any negotiations between foreign intel and US GOv to get permission to assassinate CK (Charlie Kirk),
   then maybe the FBI was present or maybe they wheren't present. And it would have been in the location of
   the classified building in Wilmington DE.

* US Intelligence & DoD: They may have given permission for Egypt to have received "Classified intelligence defense
   technology for planes. Especially communications and citizen cell phone tracking on the ground that is EMP resilient."
   There is a chance they were in a critical Wilmington DE meeting in the classified building for FBI + DoJ + DEA
    + Likely US Intelligence.  That is where any negotiation may have happened to allow them to buy it.

* Intel_Planes: Foreign government military or Intelligence planes. They may be willing to provide planes, 
   to protect other intelligence services.
   There are reports of these Egyption military intelligence planes flying from the USA to Egypt, then turning off
   their transponders and flying up to Israel. It could easily be Israel people were the only or part of the people on the
   plane.  Egypt may have been willing to be the first layer of "fall guy" to take the blame if the Lone Wolf of 
   Tyler Robinson didn't stick.  One of the Egyption planes the city of Minot (in the USA) to a US military base,
   Which would be very strange but would be a stop to get final sign off to receive the "Classified intelligence
    defense technology for planes. Especially communications and citizen cell phone tracking on the ground that is EMP resilient."
    They would first need to do the negotiation at a place like Wilmington DE classified gov building first, but after
    that permission was handled, then they would need to go to Minot military base to get the next approval.
    They then went to a Provo airport and staid for 4 months, which is about the appropriate time to install
    this kind of classified plane equipment (if this happened).

* Wilmington DE is where US Intelligence, US DoD and FBI have a secret office, where a foreign dignitary is reported to have
   came, possible to get permission for one of the foreign intelligence services to be able to assassinate Charlie Kirk.
   The Egyption intelligence planes often flew from Egypt or France over to the destination of Wilmington DE.

* Chain_of_Evil: This is the Chain of Evil. (In this fictional movie) It likely has Israel at the top that wants
   to control US Politicans, US laws,    US gov decisions, the media and more.  It uses the power of Israel intelligence service
   (Mossad). It uses carrots to other countries and their intelligence service to get what it wants.
   It got blackmail material from Mossad over US politicians and powerful people. It has control over US Congress,
   US administrations for 20 years and US media.  It wanted to control Charlie Kirk but failed.
   It wanted to take TPUSA organization away from Charlie Kirk which could only happen if Charlie Kirk was assassinated.
   It wanted to have US Church leadership carry out the narrative that comes from the top of the Chain_of_Evil,
   even if it was against the ethics of Church Leaders and their parishioners. Such as Charlie Kirk wouldn't give in.

* Churches: Some have Church Leadership that aren't under control of the Chain_of_Evil and won't push a narrative that
    is detrimental to their parishioners. Other churches's leadership is under thie Chain_of_Evil control.
    Recent years have been an aggressive push to have far more church leaderships converted to control by the Chain_of_Evil.

